This is the executive summary.

Executive Summary

This project is on the Google Cloud platform service. The Google Cloud is a service that offers cloud computing that
uses the same platform that is used internally for Google services like YouTube and others. The Google Cloud offers
many different developer products like Google Cloud Storage, Google Cloud SQL, and Google App Engine for developer use.  

Problem:

One problem that could be addressed is the problems involved in using external repositories. Developers are allowed to
use external repositories for collaboration. The repositories are called Cloud Source Repositories. Google Cloud Source
Repositories use is limited to project members so to contribute one must be part of the project member list. GCSR can
also be linked to other repositories hosted on other services like GitHub and everything is synced
(Hajdarbegovic, 2015). This is a problem because it is outside of Google and it introduces certain risks. Because it
is and external repository it isn’t managed by Google and may be subject to certain vulnerabilities and don’t
necessarily go through license checks. (Google, 2015)

Solution:

One solution to the problem could be to include important reminders in the form of emails or banners with the
repositories to remind uses or contributors of certain risks. A website could be created listing compliance rules,
security flaws, different security topics, and useful tips for contributors. And a document can be created to outline
the importance of licenses and the differences between important licenses. A discussion board or blog can be created
as a go between for the company and contributors. Another solution would be to create a system to alerts to tell
developers policies that haven’t been met and of license obligations. 



Sources

Cloud Source Repositories. (2015, July 30). Retrieved November 1, 2015.

Hajdarbegovic, N. (2015). Google Cloud Source Repositories vs. Bitbucket vs. GitHub: A Worthy Alternative
